Nuannuan, you are here, I was looking for you
My mom asked me to give you the necklace.
Please pass it on to your aunt.
Not this one
Nuannuan, what do you mean?
If you want to pay it back, pay back the borrowed one
Nuannuan, this is obviously the one that borrowed from my aunt.
What are you doing?
Does it hurt?
warm
Why are you doing this?
Don't you want to pretend to be as weak as a fall?
I will fulfill you
Take a look.
Now everyone thinks you're innocent and weak
You don't thank me
What are you doing?
Apologize
warm
This is the necklace my mother borrowed from my aunt.
You're saying it's not this one now
Where do you want me to find it for you?
Let me apologize to him
How old are you?
In fact, whether it is things or people
If you like it, I'll give it to you.
I will be poverty alleviation
Hasn't this woman always liked me?
Are you alright?
What does Shengnuan mean?
He doesn't like school grass
It should be, have you forgotten?
Last time he said Gu
Big school grass is like a waste when playing basketball
I guess he looks too useless.
So I don't like him anymore.